i'm jimmy i'm the host of the show thank
you for watching
you know we uh we did this show from
hollywood in the state of california
where as
of today any person over the age of 16
is eligible to get the covet vaccine
this is interesting did you know the
vaccine is only half as effective
if you don't post about it on instagram
if you're 16 tick tock but you get the
idea unfortunately
just over one in five americans say they
will not
get the vaccine same number as dentists
who don't recommend sugarless gum
and another 12 percent say they're going
to wait to let everyone else get it
to see how it goes i guess i understand
people being skeptical about putting a
new kind of medicine in their bodies but
the truth is
we don't know anything about anything we
put in our bodies we eat hot dogs
chicken mcnuggets do we drink mountain
dew code red
now suddenly we're all jessica alba
all of a sudden or organic in my veins
only thank you
and the other thing is it's free the
vaccine is free we love free stuff
i worked for many a radio station in my
life i know most americans will take the
day off work
to get a key chain for free and yet
oh i tell you what this poor dr fauci uh
he must be beating his head against the
wall
dr fauci appeared today before a
congressional subcommittee
on covet 19 and was forced to endure the
relentless stupidity of a shaved ape
from ohio named jim jordan
what measure i mean are we just going to
continue this forever
when does when does when do we get to
the point what measure what standard
what objective
outcome do we have to reach before
before americans get their liberty and
freedoms back
you know i you you're indicating liberty
and freedom i look at it as a public
health measure to prevent people from
dying
and going to the hospital you don't
think americans liberties have been
threatened last year dr falchi they've
been assaulted
their liberties have yeah you know who
else was assaulted those wrestlers when
you were their coach at ohio state
i guess that you that you didn't notice
but go on
for sure when we get the level of
infection
very low it is now at such a high level
there's a threat again of major success
first amendment rights have been
completely attacked you're right to go
to church you're right to assemble your
right to petition your government
freedom of the press freedom of
speech i've all been assaulted listen
meathead first of all dr
fauci hasn't assaulted anyone all of a
sudden he cares about people being
assaulted
and secondly doing squats at 24-hour
fitness doesn't make you a health expert
look i've said this before and i think
it's worth repeating
all the doctors tell you to wear masks
and be careful and that the vaccine is
safe so
if you decide it isn't well that's fine
don't get it but you're not allowed to
go to the doctors anymore
why would you they don't know anything
go treat your gonorrhea with witch hazel
and a cotton swab
dr fauci this guy has been doing this
forever he's giving his
very educated opinions the closest jim
jordan ever got to being an infectious
disease expert is contracting scabies on
a wrestling mat
i mentioned last night presidents biden
and obama are headlining a star-studded
prime time special this weekend to try
to encourage
americans to get the vaccine which is so
crazy
we wanted it so much and now we won't
get it this is the first time in
american history celebrities and
politicians
have come together for a say yes to
drugs campaign
i'm not sure how effective it will be
most of the people who won't get it
don't support joe biden or barack obama
but guess who did get the vaccine this
week none other than former first
daughter
ivanka trump she wrote today i got the
shot i hope that you do too thank you
nurse torres which is good i'm glad she
did it
and posted about it but the comments
under her post
are nope not doing it hard no
pass you're joking right and i never
will what a solid fan base this
is which is it trumpsters does donald
trump deserve credit for the miracle
vaccines or are they useless
it can't be both of those things
meanwhile there are new details
in the uh sordid saga of future former
florida congressman matt gates yesterday
we learned
that gates was involved in more wild
house parties than
kid and play in the 90s he reportedly
[Laughter]
there were drugs and sex at these
parties where women were given gifts and
money
in exchange for their participation much
of it paid through venmo
so the daily beast got their hands on
venmo transactions from this guy joel
greenberg
one of gates's closest friends greenberg
is now cooperating
with authorities which is bad for matt
gates presumably as a result of more
than 150 payments
made to dozens of young women at least
16 of those payments
were made to a woman who later dated
matt gates and the notes on these
venues you know when you put the notes
on venmo they're ridiculous
three payments for 500 500 250
labeled ice cream five other payments
labeled salad one of those salads cost
more than a thousand dollars i guess
they added avocado
two of the transactions were for stuff
and other stuff and let me just say this
it's bad enough that matt gates is
implicated in doing stuff but other
stuff that's outrageous
and of course we know about all this
because stupid joel greenberg
made his venmo transactions public as
did matt gates they didn't check the
privacy box
what's the opposite of a criminal
mastermind
meanwhile this is the kind of political
scandal they've got going up north in
canada yesterday
a member of parliament which is canada's
equivalent to
our house of representatives
accidentally exposed himself
on an official government zoom meeting
his camera was on
he didn't know it and everyone saw his
canadian bacon which is
there he is this is the canadian version
of storming the capital
of course he apologized uh of course he
apologized he's canadian
he would have apologized whether it
happened or not but can you imagine if
this happened here
if jerry nadler started swinging his
thing around on camera
can you imagine that guillermo they will
put him in jail
well i don't know about that no why did
i even turn to you
all right um let's get back to the
united states
there's i know there's a lot going on um
but i really don't want to lose sight
of what the my pillow guy is up to
starting today
mike lindell is offering special vip
access
to his new social media platform his new
alternative
to twitter but in order to qualify as a
vip
you have to have a cell phone number
and that's it but it's so it's not for
everyone but
lindell said he spent millions of
dollars on the site and you can see
from the web design it really shows it's
looks like the website for a company
that provides in-flight wi-fi for
discount airlines
it's called frank the voice of free
speech or the
big red f just like the report cards of
everyone on it
you think donald trump will join frank
you know no isn't it
like who the hell is frank why isn't it
named donald i don't and on top of frank
i mentioned this the other night mike
lindell is also launching an online
store
that he hopes will be bigger than amazon
hello i'm mike lindell the inventor of
my pillow for years
entrepreneurs and inventors have came to
me with products and ideas
and they don't know how to market them
or i haven't had the time even to show
them
and now today i am proud to announce
this platform called
mystore.com i am going to put vetted
products from great entrepreneurs up
here like you see a sampling of them
here today
that are going to change this country
we're finally going to see these great
products
and get the and be able to um get these
great entrepreneurs
their their great ideas out to you the
public finally a way for businesses to
sell their products on the internet this
could be huge
on my way into work today i figured out
who the my pillow guy
reminds me of there's always been some
only people who live in la will get this
but he's the
he's the minnesota version of this guy
the uh accident
right
and one day i'm gonna crash right into
him just for the hell of it
anyway obviously i need to know more
about my store
so we got in contact with mike lindell
himself and he is joe oh there he is
he's joining us now
uh mike lindell everybody there's mike
mike somebody's in here
i told they was told i could use the
laundry room till midnight rosa linda
come on you hear me
mike mike what who the hell is in my
machine mike nobody's in your machine
it's jimmy kimmel
you son of a where are you i'm uh
i'm in l.a uh thank you though huh
russia linda please
ron said i had the room for 20 more
minutes oh i don't know who ron is
where are you what is that room i'm at
the shipping and receiving dock for my
new
business my store uh
yeah well then it looks more like a
laundry room than a store
it's multi-purpose oh it's also the
laundry room or the motel 6 that i live
at oh let me tell you jimmy it's not
safe for me to go back to minnesota the
deep state has their assassins after me
just today i found this bullet oh my god
my
pillow oh my god it's a message that
they want me dead
wait a minute that doesn't look like it
does it looks more like that's a
double-a battery i think that you've got
there
no hi yet i guess it is okay must be why
the walkman stopped walking yeah that
must be why look mike i i don't think
anyone's
trying to kill you i mean i find that
hard come on jimmy
open your mind if i'm not being hunted
then why have i spent the last five
months eating ding-dongs from vending
machines
i i don't have an answer for that mike i
don't know
i really don't know but i just wanted to
talk to you about your new business
venture my store
which what makes you think you can
compete with amazon i'll tell you
because my
store is superior to amazon for a whole
lot of reasons
number one do you know you can't buy an
individual pancake on amazon
no i didn't up there that's the solution
i do not know that
number three amazon is owned by jeff
kresos and the deep state
and we are no longer supporting those
products
i recruited patriotic entrepreneurs from
dog tracks all across this great land
and we're making our own stuff
like what what kind of stuff are you
making like saudi pop
oh as you know donald trump says no more
cocoa so we have made
freedom fish oh all right you know what
they
when they bathe the veterans down at the
va hospital they just throw the bath
water away
that got us thinking what's more
patriotic than veterans bath water so we
filled up a can
we added a little sugar to and some
nicotine to spice it up
an alka-seltzer tablet for carbonation
voila freedom fit
oh well that is genuinely upsetting
mike don't go for it you're more of a
coffee guy are you yeah i guess so
well then grab yourself a big bag of
carb bean brew
what it's a hundred percent pure texas
gunpowder from
shotgun shells confiscated by the state
fish and game commission
there it is yeah oh wow god
good good good tasting
did you do did you just drink hot gun
powder
yes i did and i feel like i could chew
through a chain-link fence
i haven't done that since the first time
i escaped rehab back in twenty with your
family oh
i guess that's another story for another
time okay yeah
yeah yeah all right
okay uh hey do you want to see some more
yes i would love to see more
okay i'm starting to like you kimball
you gotta you gotta you're hey can i ask
a quick question
are you eating packing peanuts right now
as hell i am jimmy
are those even edible i don't know but
they plenty they got a lot of vitamin
p okay all right all right you're gonna
show me something i guess right let's
get back on track
okay one of our best sellers it's for
home defense it's a pillowcase
and it's full of wasps wow looks it
feels like an ordinary
mind pillow if you're lying in bed and
an intruder climbs on top of you and
tries to put his braunschweiger in your
b-hole
then you just shake it up and you look
fine
who the hell is who is rosalinda
robo she's a great gal don't get me
wrong
doesn't speak a lick of english spiffy
if you can make it we're getting married
on tuesday jimmy
oh wow congratulations i love a tuesday
wedding
i'll put you down for a plus one and
i'll send you five of these wasp pillows
and that well
oh son of a yeah you gotta allow
15 to 35 weeks for delivery
please please don't mail me wasps mike i
don't too
late there's no cancellations we don't
believe in
cancelled culture okay rosalind is going
to kill me she's got to wash my rabbit
costume
i got a little hot mustard on the spot
where you pull your dinger through
i'm coming honey
how about that yeah good job he did a
good job all right well he's starting to
make sense
if you like that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies